README.md, before:

# css-in-js.el
Emacs minor mode to enable a better development experience for (some) CSS-in-JS.  If your webapp uses:

- [styled-components](https://styled-components.com/)
- [@emotion/styled](https://emotion.sh/docs/styled)
- [styled-jsx](https://github.com/vercel/styled-jsx)

then this might be of use to you.

![](https://repository-images.githubusercontent.com/303181474/e8163180-0bca-11eb-8696-152ae6a45746)

_above: `typescript-mode`, styled-components, and `company-mode` with `company-quickhelp-mode`_

## Installation

0. Dependencies: make sure you have `mmm-mode` and `scss-mode` installed already.  They're both available in MELPA and probably elsewhere too.
1. Install:  download this package and place it inside a directory on your `load-path`
2. Require:  `(require 'css-in-js)`
3. Enable: `(css-in-js-mode t)`

## Configuration

useful variables are members of the `css-in-js-mode` group and can be viewed and modified with the command `M-x customize-group [RET] css-in-js-mode [RET]`.

`css-in-js-mode` also uses `css-indent-offset` during indentation so be sure to set that to an acceptable value.  You might also be interested in playing around with `mmm-submode-decoration-sublevel`.

## Bugs?

plenty.  indentation is kinda janky right now, there are probably some enhancements to be made around LSP, and it doesn't support a whole bunch of popular css-in-js libraries.  I've also only done minimal testing with `web-mode` and `js-mode`.  PRs welcome for any and all bugs and feature-requests!

Commit message:

add note to readme re: emacs 29

README.md, after:

> important note: emacs 29 and newer includes native support for treesit, meaning a lot of features of this minor mode are no longer needed.  users of emacs 29 are encouraged to try [the CSS-in-JS treesit grammar and emacs minor mode for emacs 29](https://github.com/orzechowskid/tree-sitter-css-in-js).  users of emacs 28, read on!

# css-in-js.el
Emacs minor mode to enable a better development experience for (some) CSS-in-JS.  If your webapp uses:

- [styled-components](https://styled-components.com/)
- [@emotion/styled](https://emotion.sh/docs/styled)
- [styled-jsx](https://github.com/vercel/styled-jsx)

then this might be of use to you.

![](https://repository-images.githubusercontent.com/303181474/e8163180-0bca-11eb-8696-152ae6a45746)

_above: `typescript-mode`, styled-components, and `company-mode` with `company-quickhelp-mode`_

## Installation

0. Dependencies: make sure you have `mmm-mode` and `scss-mode` installed already.  They're both available in MELPA and probably elsewhere too.
1. Install:  download this package and place it inside a directory on your `load-path`
2. Require:  `(require 'css-in-js)`
3. Enable: `(css-in-js-mode t)`

## Configuration

useful variables are members of the `css-in-js-mode` group and can be viewed and modified with the command `M-x customize-group [RET] css-in-js-mode [RET]`.

`css-in-js-mode` also uses `css-indent-offset` during indentation so be sure to set that to an acceptable value.  You might also be interested in playing around with `mmm-submode-decoration-sublevel`.

## Bugs?

plenty.  indentation is kinda janky right now, there are probably some enhancements to be made around LSP, and it doesn't support a whole bunch of popular css-in-js libraries.  I've also only done minimal testing with `web-mode` and `js-mode`.  PRs welcome for any and all bugs and feature-requests!
